
Missing Alabama prison official had sold home, was expected to retire before murder suspect escaped
Casey Cole White, 38 and Vicky White, 56, were last seen Friday morning
By Michael Ruiz | Fox News

An escaped Alabama murder suspect is on the run, possibly armed and dangerous, as a top official at the jail who colleagues expected to retire has been linked to the jailbreak, according to the local sheriff.

Casey Cole White, 38 and Vicky White, 56, were last seen Friday morning on surveillance video ditching a marked vehicle at a parking lot on Florence, Alabama, about 70 miles west of Huntsville, according to authorities.

The two are not related, according to investigators.

Casey Cole White, 38 and Vicky White, 56, were last seen Friday morning on surveillance video ditching a marked vehicle at a parking lot on Florence, Alabama, about 70 miles west of Huntsville, according to authorities.
Casey Cole White, 38 and Vicky White, 56, were last seen Friday morning on surveillance video ditching a marked vehicle at a parking lot on Florence, Alabama, about 70 miles west of Huntsville, according to authorities. (Lauderdale County Sheriff's Office)

ARREST WARRANT ISSUED FOR MISSING ALABAMA CORRECTIONS OFFICER IN MURDER SUSPECT'S ESCAPE

Vicky White is the assistant director of corrections at the Lauderdale County Detention Center in Florence. She sold her home about a month ago, according to Lauderdale Sheriff Rick Singleton, and had talked about relocating to the beach for months.

"Everybody thought she was gonna retire," he said during a Monday news briefing. "Nobody saw this coming."

Authorities announced a warrant for Vicky White Monday, even as the sheriff said her alleged assistance may have been coerced.

"To do it willingly would be so out of character for the Vicky White we all know," he said.

The U.S. Marshals are offering $10,000 for information leading to the capture of an Alabama inmate who escaped from jail as well as the location of an endangered correctional officer.
The U.S. Marshals are offering $10,000 for information leading to the capture of an Alabama inmate who escaped from jail as well as the location of an endangered correctional officer. (U.S. Marshals Service)

They took off in a law enforcement vehicle and the sheriff’s office later recovered abandoned in a parking lot.

ALABAMA ESCAPED INMATE SEEN IN NEW PHOTOS, AS MANHUNT FOR MISSING CORRECTION OFFICER ENTERS DAY 4

She allegedly told colleagues she was going to take the prisoner to the county courthouse for an evaluation and planned to stop at a doctor’s office afterward, saying she didn’t feel well. There was no scheduled evaluation, according to the sheriff.

Authorities thought Vicky White came to work that day to serve her last day before retiring, Singleton said. But she hadn’t yet cleared all of the bureaucratic hurdles.

"I think from the sale of the house, she possibly had access to some cash," he said. "The retirement papers were never sent into the state retirement system. She had to have a conference with the personnel director before that could happen."


next
Image 1 of 2
Most current photo of inmate Casey White.  (Lauderdale County Sheriff's Office )

Casey White was serving an unrelated, 75-year prison sentence when he confessed to killing 58-year-old Connie Ridgeway in 2015. He subsequently pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity. Singleton issued a warning Monday that the escaped prisoner should be considered "extremely dangerous" and that any law enforcement officers who come across him should not take "any chances."

ALABAMA INMATE, OFFICER MISSING AFTER EXPECTED COURT APPEARANCE

The jailbreak has drawn comparisons to the 2015 escape from the Clinton Correction Facility in Dannemora, New York, during which a prison tailor there flirted with two convicted killers before allegedly helping them break out.

Seth Ferranti, an ex-con turned writer and filmmaker who was an extra on Showtime’s "Escape at Dannemora" series, told Fox News Digital that Casey White may have seduced the prison official and said the cases seemed "very similar" at first glance.

"Cons are notorious for doing long plays and being super manipulative, but maybe it’s true love," he said.

An undated, clean-shaved mugshot of escaped Alabama inmate Casey Cole White. Authorities say he may be armed and is "extremely dangerous." Anyone who sees him is asked to call US Marshals at 1-800-336-0102.
An undated, clean-shaved mugshot of escaped Alabama inmate Casey Cole White. Authorities say he may be armed and is "extremely dangerous." Anyone who sees him is asked to call US Marshals at 1-800-336-0102.  (Alabama Department of Corrections)

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

According to the sheriff, Casey White had previously plotted an escape attempt from the county jail in late 2020.

His alleged plan was to take a hostage and break out of the facility on the day of his arraignment, before he was scheduled to transfer back to state prison. Officers caught him in possession of a "shank," or prison knife, and safely transferred him back to prison.

He again returned to the county jail in February of this year.

Casey White faces a possible death penalty if convicted in Ridgeway’s death.

"He has nothing to lose with his violent past," Singleton said. "He is extremely dangerous."

Both Whites may be armed, according to authorities.

Anyone with information on their whereabouts is asked to call the U.S. Marshals at 1-800-336-0102.

Michael Ruiz is a reporter for Fox News Digital. Story tips can be sent to michael.ruiz@fox.com and on Twitter: @mikerreports
Missing 16-year-old girl from elite NYC prep school disappeared from Bronx home
Jezlieanne Colon attends Nightingale-Bamford School, the real-life inspiration for Gossip Girl

A 16-year-old girl on scholarship at an elite Manhattan prep school jetted out of her family's Bronx home on Saturday afternoon and now her mother fears she may be in danger.

"She just abruptly walked out the door on Saturday – didn't say anything, just walked out," Kimberly Valera, Jezlieanne Colon's mother, told Fox News Digital on Monday. "I haven't heard from her since."

Jezlieanne Colon, 16, abruptly left her Bronx home on Saturday afternoon.
Jezlieanne Colon, 16, abruptly left her Bronx home on Saturday afternoon.  (Kimberly Valera)

Colon is a scholarship student at the all-female Nightingale-Bamford School on Manhattan's Upper East Side.

MADELEINE MCCAN: PORTUGUESE PROSECUTORS IDENTIFY SUSPECT IN PROBE OF MISSING GIRL

She attended most of her freshman year remotely from home due to the coronavirus pandemic, but started having problems at school when she began her sophomore year in-person last fall, her mother said.

Jezlieanne Colon started attending Nightingale-Bamford School, the real-life inspiration for Gossip Girl, in September 2020.
Jezlieanne Colon started attending Nightingale-Bamford School, the real-life inspiration for Gossip Girl, in September 2020.  (Kimberly Valera)

Valera said she believes someone may have picked her daughter up after she left their home in the Bronx neighborhood of Castle Hill between 3:30 and 4:00 p.m.

"We don't believe she left on the train because she disappeared from the area so fast," Valera said. "Her brother left immediately after her to see if he could find her and he didn't."

Jezlieanne Colon's phone was turned off about an hour after she left her Bronx home on Saturday.
Jezlieanne Colon's phone was turned off about an hour after she left her Bronx home on Saturday.  (Kimberly Valera)

Colon's phone has been turned off since around 5:00 p.m. on Saturday, but she was active on other social media apps

"When we went into her computer, we noticed that that night that she left, she logged in to her Snapchat account at 8:00, at 10:30, and at 1:00 a.m. I don't know what device she logged into, because her phone was off. I don't know, maybe she has access to it through somebody else," Valera said.

The Nightingale-Bamford School, an independent K-12 girls' school, is seen here in New York City, U.S., August 18, 2018.
The Nightingale-Bamford School, an independent K-12 girls' school, is seen here in New York City, U.S., August 18, 2018.  (REUTERS/Brendan McDermid)

Nightingale-Bamford School, which costs $59,000 a year, is the real-life inspiration for the fictional Constance Billard School for Girls in the TV series "Gossip Girl." The author of the original "Gossip Girl" novels, Cecily von Ziegesar, graduated from Nightingale-Bamford School in 1988.

"We have been in regular contact with her family and we have offered all the support we can to assist in their efforts to locate her," Thomas Hein, the communications director for Nightingale-Bamford School, told Fox News Digital on Monday.

"We are deeply concerned for her well-being, and remain committed to ensuring her safe return."

A spokesperson for Nightingale-Bamford School said they are in touch with Jezlieanne Colon's family.
A spokesperson for Nightingale-Bamford School said they are in touch with Jezlieanne Colon's family.  (Kimberly Valera)

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Anyone with information about Colon's disappearance can call NYPD's Crime Stoppers Hotline at 1-800-577-TIPS (8477) or 1-888-57-PISTA (74782) for Spanish.

Paul Best is a reporter for Fox News Digital. Story tips can be sent to Paul.best@fox.com and on Twitter: @KincaidBest.
San Francisco shoplifting: Thieves caught on camera allegedly stuffing stolen goods in bags at Walgreens
Property crime in general is up 10.4% in San Francisco from last year

Video captured by a witness appears to show at least three masked thieves allegedly grabbing items off a shelf at a San Francisco-area Walgreens before running out of the store.

The 41-second clip has gone viral online. It has been viewed more than 1.6 million times on various social media platforms. The video begins with a woman in a pink jacket grabbing items off a shelf and putting them in a bag. Another woman near her also appears to be grabbing items off the shelf. The two women then go to other parts of the store to allegedly grab more items.

AUTOPSY FOR TEEN GIRL FOUND DEAD IN SAN FRANCISCO HOMELESS DISTRICT REVEALS DISTURBING NEW DETAILS





View this post on Instagram











A post shared by SF Streets aka Streets (@sfstreets415)

About 10 seconds in, the camera pans to show a baby in a stroller. The thieves appear to continue brazenly grabbing items off shelves as shoppers watch nearby. The two women run out of the store with large bags allegedly stuffed full of stolen goods. A man in a yellow hoodie runs out of the store behind them.

Social media users said the brazen robbery happened at a Walgreens store in Millbrae, California, just outside San Francisco.

San Francisco Police and the San Mateo County Sheriff's Office have not responded to Fox News Digital's request for information at the time of this publication.

Fox News Digital has also reached out to Walgreens for comment, but has not yet heard back.

San Francisco has been dealing with a surging crime and drug crisis.

The San Francisco Chronicle reported in January that shootings jumped 33% from 2020 to last year. According to the SFPD, property crime in general is up 10.4% in San Francisco from last year.

SAN FRANCISCO ACTIVIST SAYS ‘WE’RE NOT GOING TO MOVE, WE'RE FIGHTING,' AS DRUGS AND CRIME CONSUME BAY AREA

Video captured by a witness appears to show thieves allegedly stealing from a San Francisco-area Walgreens.
Video captured by a witness appears to show thieves allegedly stealing from a San Francisco-area Walgreens. (SFStreets415/ Instagram)

Retail crime has been on the rise across the United States in recent years.

According to the National Retail Federation (NRF), organized retail thefts cost retailers an average of $720,000 for every $1 billion in sales as of 2020. That is up from about $450,000 five years earlier. In addition, 69% of retailers surveyed by the NRF in 2021 reported an increase in organized retail thefts over the past year.

"Reasons cited for the increase have included exploitation of new opportunities for theft during the COVID-19 pandemic, less prosecution of crimes wrongly perceived as ‘victimless,’ increased felony thresholds that let thieves steal more while facing only a misdemeanor charge if caught, and the growth of online marketplaces," NRF noted on its website.

 A witness captured a group of women running out of a San Francisco CVS Pharmacy with bags allegedly stuffed full of stolen items as a spree of retail thefts continue to plague the city. Experts say the rash of thefts in San Francisco and other cities by organized theft rings are part of a failure to prosecute criminals for such crimes.
 A witness captured a group of women running out of a San Francisco CVS Pharmacy with bags allegedly stuffed full of stolen items as a spree of retail thefts continue to plague the city. Experts say the rash of thefts in San Francisco and other cities by organized theft rings are part of a failure to prosecute criminals for such crimes.   (KTVU)

CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

San Francisco District Attorney Chesa Boudin is currently facing a recall election culminating in a vote on June 7. The Recall Chesa Boudin Committee claims that the DA has failed to enforce criminal laws and hold criminals accountable.

"Under Boudin, elected November, 2019, our city's criminal justice system has instead been upended," reads a statement on the group's website. "Criminals are emboldened due to lack of accountability; those perpetrators arrested are simply let go, commit more crimes, and unfortunately, many are deadly."

Fox News' Matt Leach contributed to this report.

Lorraine Taylor is an editor at Fox News. News tips can be sent to lorraine.taylor@fox.com or on Twitter @LorraineEMT.
